Structural changes and adding information. (#25)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/guide/tools/selecsnap.md

## Snapping tools

The Snapping tools correct and adjust the displacement, resize and rotation of selected objects. The Ruler, Shape Recognizer, Rectangle Drawing, Coordinate System Drawing, Circle Drawing and Arrow Drawing tools are also affected.

### Grid Snapping

Grid Snapping makes the displacements of objects and lines made with the tools mentioned above coincide and fit with the grid of the page. This grid matches **by default** with the background Graph grid, but it continues to exist internally even with other backgrounds.
When you resize with Grid Snap enabled, the resize will attempt to match the grid line, no matter which side of the object.

### Rotation Snapping

Rotation Snapping allows rotations of selected objects and strokes made with the tools mentioned above to be snapped to predetermined angles. These default angles correspond to multiples of 15 degrees.

### Configuration

Both tools can be adjusted their tolerance to snapping in the path: Edit> Preferences> Drawing Area> Snapping. Higher values correspond to greater intensity in the effect.

The Snapping effect is disabled by default for shape recognition, but can be activated in the same section.

> Note that in the Grid Snapping description it is mentioned that the grid matches **by default** with the grid background. This caveat is made since in the path mentioned above, by means of the **Grid size** parameter it is possible to change the measurements of the grid by multiples of the original grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in the Grid Snapping description it is mentioned that the grid matches **by default** the grid of the _Graph_ background. This grid consists of squares with side length 0.5 cm. By means of the **Grid size** parameter it is possible to change the side length of the grid squares as a multiple of the original length.
```

> In this way, for example, by setting 0.5 in the parameter, the internal grid becomes squares half the size of the grid background, so the objects will try to fit not only the lines of the squares, but also with its halves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, for example, by setting 0.5 in the parameter, the internal grid becomes squares half the size of the Graph paper grid background, so the objects will try to fit not only the lines of the squares, but also with its halves.
```
